Sizzle!
[shrieking]
[shocked gasp]
Master Avan!
Is everyone all right?
That was close.
[confirming grunts]
Avan: Thank goodness.
That's what I call
good timing...
Both: Master!
[impressed huff]
I didn't think he'd have
the strength to do it.
[exhausted breaths]
Are you okay?
That must've hurt.
Avan: Yes, it certainly did...
But I don't have
time for that now.
His powers have
grown much stronger
since our last encounter.
Avan: Not only that, he has
the Dark King backing him.
[frightened yell]
I'm afraid
this is going to be
much more difficult
than I expected.
If we don't do
something drastic....
We can't win this.
Master!
Hadlar will shroud this
world in darkness again...
And I can't allow
that to happen.
He must be stopped
here and now.
Dai... Popp...
Promise me something.
No matter what happens,
find the Dark King Vearn
and defeat him.
[gasps]
I underestimated you.
You are willing
to pay the price.
Wait a minute...
Are you not coming
back from this?
What?! Hold on,
I'll fight with you!
Avan: Kaclang!
What's happening?!
A Kaclang spell!
Never heard of it.
It's a high-level
defensive incantation.
It turns the body into steel and
can repel any magical attack!
But if we're turned
into steel...
We can't move!
I'm sorry, but it's
the only way.
I have to make
sure you'll all be safe
before I begin
this final battle.
Wait! It doesn't
have to be final.
He's right. We can
beat him, together.
Just please don't
do this, Master!
Still as foolish
as ever, Avan...
Wasting what's left of your
Magic Power on these weaklings.
Popp: Really?
Insignias of Avan!
Those are graduation pendants!
They're what?
Avan: I give one
to every student
who manages to complete
my training...
And Dai? You possess truly
outstanding potential.
It's only been three days,
and I regret having
to cut things short.
If we continued for
the remaining four...
There's no doubt in my mind
that you would
have become a Hero.
Dai: Master Avan...
That is why I give
it to you now.
Keep practicing,
have faith in yourself,
and one day you
will become a Hero.
Dai: Master.... I-
You too, Popp.
Stop it!
Master, don't do it!
I still need you.
Popp: Our training isn't
anywhere near finished...
C'mon...
quit being so morbid.
Oh, Popp...
I don't care if you
used to be the big Hero.
Now you're supposed
to be our trainer.
You even said so yourself-
you can't win against him.
I still have to try, Popp.
Sometimes you have
to risk everything.
I wish that weren't the case,
but don't forget the
first thing I taught you:
We train to help others,
not to save ourselves.
Avan: Perhaps I only received
my abilities to make sure
the two of you survive and go
on to destroy the Dark King.
I'm begging you,
change us back!
You know I can't, but
someday you'll understand.
And until that day comes,
I want you to
hold onto this for me.
Master!
You can't leave.
Goodness me.
You two haven't even
officially graduated yet
and you're already
so emotional.
If you both intend to become
Heroes worthy of those pendants,
then you're going to
have to push each other
to toughen up, huh?
Shaman Brass, Gomechan,
thank you both for everything.
Master Avan,
don't do anything rash!
I've thought it all through.
You have my word.
He won't win.
So, is the farewell
party over?
Let's do this, Hadlar.
[amused chuckle]
Hadlar: As you wish...
But we both know you sealed
your fate when you wasted
the last of your Magic Power
to cast Kaclang.
You've spent most
of yours, too.
But I still have
a few surprises.
Avan: Here goes!
[battle cry]
[pained grunt]
You fool!
Hadlar: As we fight...
Even just hand-to-hand...
I still have more
than enough...
Power to break you...
into tiny little pieces!
[pained yell]
Popp: Come on!
Dai: Move! You've gotta move!
[charging roar]
[roaring]
[worried gasps]
[chuckle]
Goodbye, Avan!
But how?
[agonized cry]
A spell?! Impossible!
Hadlar: There's no
way you've conserved
enough Magic Power for this!
Actually, this spell
requires very little.
Instead, it turns life
energy into a massive blast.
So let's see you
withstand this, Hadlar!
Wait! You know
what that means-
[roaring]
Stop it! You little...
[struggling grunts]
Hadlar: Enough!
It will kill you, too!
Is that really
what you want?
Popp, Dai - good luck!
You'll have to
take it from here!
No!
[roaring]
Avan: Megante!
[explosion]
He's gone...
No...
I can't believe he
cast a Megante spell.
Popp: Megante?
It's an old
self-destruct spell.
He sacrificed himself
to keep the world from falling
back into Hadlar's hands.
Master Avan was
truly a selfless Hero.
Wait - are you saying that
he threw away his own life,
just to protect us?
Dai: Master...
[nervous grunts]
Please tell me
that's our master?!
[roaring]
Both: He's alive?!
[heavy breathing]
Oh, no. What do we do now?!
[chuckling]
Oh, Avan. You truly
have grown weak!
Hadlar: Even with all your life
force in that Megante spell,
you couldn't hold
a candle to my power!
[cackling]
And if it's only children
standing in my way, now...
I have nothing to fear!
[cackling]
He truly is a monster.
And now we're alone.
[cackling]
[pained groan]
Curse that pesky Hero!
You may have left
me with this headache,
but it's your students who
are going to pay the price.
[terrified shriek]
Brass: Don't worry, boys!
We're still under
the protection
of Master Avan's
Kaclang spell.
As long as it holds up,
we'll be safe from
whatever he throws at us.
Hadlar: You say that...
But now you
also can't run away.
And that's perfect for me.
Oh, great. Frizz spells, too?!
Hadlar: Of course, and my
Frizz is pure hellfire.
It won't stop burning
until its target is destroyed.
It's only a matter of time
until Avan's spell wears off,
and you're turned to ashes.
Don't do it - please,
just leave!
Well, in a way,
I am sparing you.
Soon, you'll be in
the afterlife...
Your precious master
is already there,
waiting to welcome you all.
Dai [thought]:
Master Avan didn't just
give up his life
to stop Hadlar.
He gave up his life so
that we'd survive...
[menacing chuckle]
Dai [thought]: If we don't
finish what he started,
then his sacrifice
will have been for nothing.
[frustrated growl]
I owe him my life...
And I'm not going to let
this jerk take it away now.
Hadlar [thought]:
It can't be...
He intends to break the
Kaclang spell himself?!
[roaring]
Incredible... What is he?
How could Dai
shatter that spell?
You stupid child.
Now you'll fry.
Kafrizz!
Kacrack!
He's using magic?!
And it's stronger than mine!
You can't quench hellfire!
Fine then.
I guess I'm just going to
have to pummel you to death!
Now, die!
What kind of power is this?
Hadlar: Unbelievable!
Where did that mark come from?
Hadlar: A dragon?
Popp: Why is he glowing?
Brass: I'm not sure,
but it's not the first
time this has happened.
Before you arrived,
he unleashed
this force in battle.
And the same mark appeared on
his forehead then, too!
Hadlar [thought]: How did
he get a Dragon Crest?
Could this boy really be
a descendent of
the Dragon Knights?
I don't believe it.
How dare you.
Avan was my master.
You'll pay for that.
Enough of your
arrogance, little boy!
[charging roar]
[pained yell]
Nice one, Dai!
How could this be?
I know I sustained some
damage from Avan's Megante...
And this boy may be one
of his students...
But that still doesn't explain
how I was overpowered...
By a simple, little child!
Come on!
Will you hold still?!
Take this!
Boom!
Not good!
Oh, no - Dai!
Did you like that?
I used the last of my
Magic Power on that spell.
Surely, he's dead now.
[cackling]
No, no... Don't tell me
this creep killed Dai, too.
I sure did. And guess who's
next on my chopping block?
[cackling]
It's not possible!
[frustrated roar]
I won't lose...
Not to you!
I'm not finished yet.
Above you - look out!
Master Avan was
not weak at all...
Dai: Feel his power
for yourself!
What?!
Avan...
Strash!
[pained yell]
I won't forget this!
I promise, you've just made
yourself a life-long enemy.
I swear that
I will kill you, Dai!
-[delighted chuckle]
-[excited chirping]
Brass: Are you all right?
I think so... Are you guys?
Where's Hadlar?
Unfortunately,
I think he got away.
If I'm not mistaken,
he used a Chimaera Wing.
But I had him!
[crying]
Master Avan...
Popp: Come back.
Come back!
[sobbing]
The Hero Avan may
no longer be with us,
but his magic circle
continues to shine brightly.
He's still
protecting us, even now.
Popp: I told you guys
that he was amazing.
Dai: Popp...
So... What will
you do now, Dai?
Huh?
After all this,
you could keep training
to be a mage under me.
However...
the world needs a new Hero.
I'm not sure...
But I promised Master Avan.
Someone has to stop
the Dark King Vearn,
and I guess that's me.
So that means...
It's time.
Vearn: I see you've taken
quite the beating, Hadlar.
Hadlar: Please...
Forgive me, Your Majesty.
I hope my condition
doesn't offend your gaze.
Vearn: Oh,
quite the contrary.
You have buried
the Hero, Avan.
I would consider them...
wounds of honor.
I'm glad to have placed all
my trust in such a warrior.
With your rival
out of the way,
there is no one left
who can stop my Dark Army.
So go forth and fulfill your
dream of overthrowing the world.
Sire!
Hadlar [thought]:
Avan may finally be gone,
but something tells me
that his protege
is going to be a
far greater threat.
It was only
because of my wounds,
but I still cannot abide
a child defeating me-
the Commander of King
Vearn's Dark Legions...
That mark on his
forehead bothers me...
The Dragon Crest.
If he really is the spawn
of the Dragon Knights...
And he manages to attain
the power of a Hero
thanks to Avan's
training, well...
He could become more powerful
than any other
warrior in history.
These wounds aren't an honor;
they're a warning
of things to come...
And there's a reason
the boy's damage
is healing slower than his
precious master's.
The little wretch has
already surpassed Avan
when it comes to swordplay.
If I let him live,
then he'll keep training,
and soon he'll become an
even more formidable enemy.
So I'll just have to destroy him
while he remains a fledgling.
Hadlar: My grand Dark Army,
are you ready?!
Narrator: With fresh
determination in their hearts,
Dai and Popp set sail
on a new adventure.
But on their way
to Romos Kingdom,
they find themselves
lost in the Dark Forest,
and encounter a
warrior named Maam.
Before too long,
a terrifying beast comes
searching for a meal,
and one of Hadlar's underlings
comes hunting for our Hero...
Will Dai and his friends
escape the woods?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Crocodine, the Beast King".